# Faculty-And-Course-Evaluation-System-using-PHP-MySql

A considerable body of research connects students' University experiences to their interactions with a faculty member. The Quality of academic advising is a key to student success. This thing enhances the faculty-student interaction. it is most important for any institutions to understand how they can best support faculty in their advisor roles to ensure student success through academic advising. For these reasons, we developed the Online Faculty and Course Evaluation System (OFCES) using PHP/MySQL which helps an individual University to manage its Evaluation results. The System has three types of users which are Administrator, Students and Faculty members. The Administrator are involved in maintaining and populating the data in the system database by logging in the admin panel using the front-end feature. An Administrator has all the access to list of subjects, faculties, courses, students, and some other related data. Admin can see the evaluation result by selecting students’ information and can set the questions for different criteria for the evaluation. He can search for a faculty and can see all the courses and evaluation ratings of that faculty. There is also some graph or charts which shows the advising status and some others information of that institution. The student users are permitted only to evaluate their course and faculty in a respective semester. If the faculty teaches the class 2 subjects, then for every subject the faculty will be evaluated. 
